we w we hundreds of police were called
onto the University of California Irvine
campus after student Gaza solidarity
protesters occupied a building adjacent
to their protest Camp police arrested
dozens of protesters just standing here
and I was eating a lollipop and they
decided to arrest me for being in the
presence of what's going on at campus
which is really a shame when there's
40,000 people ding several people
they're being
in addition to handcuffing and detaining
students police dismantled the protest
encampment leaving piles of debris which
were quickly Swept Away by maintenance
workers the students had been demanding
the university cut ties with Israeli
business and academic institutions and
stop investing in weapons
manufacturers once the encampment was
cleared police formed a line forcing
protesters onto an open lawn on
campus as the sun went down a group of
Muslim Students prayed police are now
moving in to disperse the remaining
student protesters they say this is an
unlawful assembly and they have
threatened to use non-lethal Force
including batons and chemical
sprays the students dispersed before the
advancing police without resisting
elsewhere around the country students
demonstrated against Israel's war on
Gaza at the University of Michigan the
encampment is still going on strong
today's day 24 and we are going to
remain here until our demands are met
and student protesters were arrested at
the University of New
Mexico in another sign of Campus turmoil
48,000 unionized student teachers
researchers and other student workers on
the 10 University of California campuses
voted to go on strike they say their
rights were violated by the school
administration's decisions to suppress
peaceful protests Rob Reynolds Al jazer
Irvine
California make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer